add ordered parameter to toMatchObject in `packages/expect/src/matchers.ts` (#13874)
jestjs/jest: docs/ExpectAPI.md

});
```

> ### `.toMatchObject(object, ordered)`

Reviewer: Could it be an `options` object, perhaps? Would be easier to add something more in the future. Named option would also make it easier to understand what it does without any need to look at docs.

What if the option would be called `ignoreElementsOrder` or `ignoreOrder`?

Example:

```ts
// current
expect(receivedObj).toMatchObject(actualObj, false);

// proposed
expect(receivedObj).toMatchObject(actualObj, {ignoreElementsOrder: true});
```

Author: Thanks for the good naming advice. I have changed the parameter name and adjusted the types.

> ### `.toMatchObject(object, options)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `.toMatchObject(object, options?)`
```

Use `.toMatchObject` to check that a JavaScript object matches a subset of the properties of an object. It will match received objects with properties that are **not** in the expected object.

You can also pass an array of objects, in which case the method will return true only if each object in the received array matches (in the `toMatchObject` sense described above) the corresponding object in the expected array. This is useful if you want to check that two arrays match in their number of elements, as opposed to `arrayContaining`, which allows for extra elements in the received array.

> You can use the boolean value `ignoreElementsOrder` in `options` parameter which defaults to `false` and is used when matching two arrays of objects. When `ignoreElementsOrder` is `false`, the order of elements in arrays matters. When `ignoreElementsOrder` is `true`, the order doesn't matter as long as the element is present. 

Reviewer: Perhaps it is worth adding an example?

````suggestion
When matching arrays of objects, you can use `ignoreElementsOrder` option. Setting its value to `true` will ignore the order of array elements. The default is `undefined`.

```ts
test('arrays match despite different elements order', () => {
  expect([{a: 1}, {b: 2, c: true}]).toMatchObject([{b: 2}, {a: 1}], {
    ignoreElementsOrder: true,
  });
});
```

````
